# Definitions

Following the vigorous development of the age of the web, everyone has become increasingly accepting of the fact of internet shopping, so that in everyday life the needs of clothing, food, housing, and transport can be solved online. According to Statista statistics for 2021 global retail e-commerce sales were 4.8 trillion USD, with a possible total of 6.3 trillion USD in e-commerce sales by 2024. Currently, China is the leading country for e-commerce sales, and Turkey is the country with the highest rate of growth (source: Statista).

At the same time, the market value of cyptocurrency is 2.6 trillion USD, with 24 hours of transactions having a volume of 100 billion USD (source: Coinmarketcap), and the encrypted money market has attained all-time highs time after time due to the unceasing strengthening of blockchain technology in these several years, however there is still no strong relationship between cryptocurrency and current everyday life. When the user needs to use cryptocurrency to make a purchase of everyday living products, the user must convert it to a legal currency supported by the store, and use the legal currency to purchase what he or she likes. This process involves significant costs, and furthermore in execution is exceedingly complicated. ShopFi was born to connect crypto markets and traditional markets, constructing a safe and seamless user transaction experience.

ShopFi is a decentralized e-commerce transaction platform, and provides an access point to consumers for all worldwide large traditional e-commerce platform transactions, with users being able to freely use cryptocurrency to shop for their needed items (such as: houses, cars, luxury products, etc.) on all of the world's large e-commerce platforms, with this allowing user to be able to safely and without worry using cryptocurrency to purchase whatever products they wish around the world. In the starting phase ShopFi will preferentially plug into worldwide mainstream electronic platforms (Amazon, PayPay Mall, Ebay, etc.), and at the same time will also an interface to allow developers to freely add their commonly used shopping centers to the ShopFi platform, and to obtain benefits from this. ShopFi works for the creation of a  transaction shopping platform that combines cryptocurrency and worldwide traditional e-commerce, providing a greater driving force for the blockchain. Our ultimate goal is to provide a foundation for building the blockchain, creating value for the blockchain ecosystem, and solving the transaction settlement problem in a better way, creating mutual trust, security, and open public enjoyment of this new form of transactions, of a new world.
